chore(bump): 0.20.12 (#1331)
withgraphite/graphite-cli: .CHANGELOG.md

# Graphite CLI Changelog

> ## 0.20.11 2022-11-23

Reviewer: <i class='graphite__hidden'>[Re: lines 3 to 3]<br/></i>

0.20.12<span class='graphite__hidden'><br/><br/>See this comment inline on <a href="https://app.graphite.dev/github/pr/withgraphite/graphite-cli/1331?utm_source=unchanged-line-comment">Graphite</a>.</span>

> - `gt stack submit` now prompts for submission info inline after each individual branch, instead of after printing each branch

Reviewer: <i class='graphite__hidden'>[Re: lines 4 to 4]<br/></i>

```suggestion
- `gt stack submit` now prompts for submission info inline after each individual branch, instead of after all branches.```<span class='graphite__hidden'><br/><br/>See this comment inline on <a href="https://app.graphite.dev/github/pr/withgraphite/graphite-cli/1331?utm_source=unchanged-line-comment">Graphite</a>.</span>

> - Fixed a bug where the `--reviewers/-r` flag on `gt` doesn't prompt for reviewers

Reviewer: <i class='graphite__hidden'>[Re: lines 5 to 5]<br/></i>

```suggestion
- The `--reviewers/-r` flag on `submit` commands now to update existing PRs.
```<span class='graphite__hidden'><br/><br/>See this comment inline on <a href="https://app.graphite.dev/github/pr/withgraphite/graphite-cli/1331?utm_source=unchanged-line-comment">Graphite</a>.</span>

- The `--reviewers/-r` flag on `submit` now accepts a string of comma separated reviewers (e.g. `user1, user2`)

> - The `--edit/-e` flag on `submit` now allows updating the PR title and body

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `--edit/-e` flag on `submit` now allows updating the PR title and body on existing PRs.
```

And I would recommend grouping this with the reviewers one, so maybe move it to before line 5

- `gt commit amend` no longer requires staged changes
- `gt commit amend` no longer allowed on empty branches
- `gt commit create/amend` no longer allowed during a rebase

> - Improved suggested messages when encountering errors in

Reviewer: <i class='graphite__hidden'>[Re: lines 11 to 11]<br/></i>

incomplete?<span class='graphite__hidden'><br/><br/>See this comment inline on <a href="https://app.graphite.dev/github/pr/withgraphite/graphite-cli/1331?utm_source=unchanged-line-comment">Graphite</a>.</span>

- Improved error messaging by showing error code and number when available

> - Improved error reporting during tests

Reviewer: <i class='graphite__hidden'>[Re: lines 13 to 13]<br/></i>

If this is referring to `test` commands can we make that more clear<span class='graphite__hidden'><br/><br/>See this comment inline on <a href="https://app.graphite.dev/github/pr/withgraphite/graphite-cli/1331?utm_source=unchanged-line-comment">Graphite</a>.</span>
